Ladies and gentlemen, friends of Tennessee, this is the first in our series of television
programs from Washington as to what is going on in the Congress of the United States.
This program will be done every week and I will appreciate your comments about it and I want to thank the station very much for carrying this as a public service.
We will try to be nonpartisan and objective in our discussion of what's happening in Congress and we will be bringing you
a guest on the program from time to time. I have on the program with me today a man that you'll be seeing a great deal of in the weeks to come.
I Charlie Callwell and I very handsome administrative assistant who is here and I'm glad to introduce you, Charlie. You've been introduced before.
I think the very good way to start this program today will be Charlie for you to ask some questions about them.
Senator, I'd like to ask some questions. I understand that Congress got in the session here on Wednesday and how did it look up on the floor.
Well Charlie, I've never seen anything like it. Whenever Congress comes back in the session, there's a whole lot of heading on another on the back, glad to see old friends, there's no acrimony everybody is friendly.
And of course this year there was more handshaking I think than there has been before. That because of a number of people that are announced and unannounced candidates for president.
Well, the Senate is pretty full of either announced or unannounced candidates for the president.
We have Senator Humphries who started first in our Senator Kennedy and of course there are quite a number of unannounced candidates who we all know about and then of course the vice president Nixon was there.
And that's the then lay from time to time. I'm going to try to bring to you people of you listening on this station, the various candidates to express their views.
I know that you'd like to hear from them. We'll bring Democrats and Republicans and try to keep it as nonpartisan as possible.
But we got off to a very good start in the new Senate. We missed a Maggot Olfrenz Senator Langer who was the only member who had passed away since the last session.
And his successor was sworn in.
Senator, I'd like to ask you for comment on President Eisenhower's state of the Union message which was disconcluded.
Well, first I want to say that President Eisenhower is looking very well indeed and certainly heartening to see him in good spirits and apparently a very fit physically.
I thought his discussion of our international affairs was very fine indeed. He outlined our aims for peace, what was being done to try to attain those aims.
He pointed out that some progress had been made, but that the intentions of Mr. Kruchev and the Russians was yet to be tested.
But it would be tested as time went on. He also pointed out that we cannot be complacent that the best way to try to read some agreement for living together peacefully in the world was to be in a position of strength.
He said that we had to keep up our defenses and he outlined terms about that.
I made a whole lot of notes about what he had to say among other things he had to say was that it was very necessary that the non-committed underdeveloped nations of the world that they have a better chance.
And that the nations of Western Europe were on their feet now to share in that effort.
I've introduced a resolution sometime back after our NATO-Lund and conference to that effect as you have challenged.
Well, what was your feeling about his domestic program? Well, I wasn't so happy about all parts of that.
He first said that the agricultural program had been a failure as we all know but he didn't seem to have any remedy for it.
We all in favor of a school construction program but I didn't know exactly how he was going to carry it out.
And then I certainly agree that we ought to fight inflation all out. That budgetary responsibility is necessary but what we need also is to have more competition and prices.
We need to stop this price of wage leapfrogging and I wasn't very satisfied with what he had to say about stopping inflation.
Well, Senator, I think we'll try to get the presidential candidates on as guests as the program's gone in a few days.
Yeah, I wish we had more time to discuss this state of the union message but generally I thought it was a very good presentation.
That's all the time we have now friends. Thank you until next week at this time.
Thank you.